Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#502)
openui/open-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you are making a pull request on behalf of someone else but you had no part in designing the
feature, you can remove yourself with the above syntax.

> If you'd like to contribute a proposal, we offer guidance on our site's [getting involved](https://open-ui.org/get-involved) page. It details the process  of standardizing a UI component, including researching, and reviewing.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion with regards to detailing the process, what are your thoughts on the following?

```suggestion
If you'd like to contribute a proposal, we offer guidance on our site's [getting involved](https://open-ui.org/get-involved) page. It details the process of standardizing a UI component, including research, proposals, and review.
```
No worries either way; if we push ahead with what you have, a note that there's currently an extra space between "process" and "of".

Author: Thanks! I'll take your suggestion, since it's more thorough
